============================
Presentation of genDevConfig
============================

genDevConfig is a perl Script that will generate the configuration to supervise a networked device using SNMP. 
The configuration that is generated is meant to be used with the Shinken monitoring system.

genDevConfig includes plugins to identify various hosts and RFC compliant interface types. 
Each plugin is a perl script that is imported at runtime by genDevConfig.

The script includes a definition files called Defaults.* for all the generic SNMP collection parameters such as :

* OIDs (basic SNMP information to collect data)
* datasources (which add instructions for OID collection)
* triggers (threshold calculations)
* device types (for a given device type what datasources should be collected)

============
Installation
============

The included INSTALL file has all the installation and setup information necessary to use the tool.

=============
Documentation
=============

The documentation is maintained in a Microsoft word format and contains references for :

* genDevConfig execution workflow (diagram and explanations)
* genDevConifg -h (runtme help options explained)
* How to add a new plugin (very easy, step by step explanation and example)
* Troubleshooting

Note: It refers to genRtrConfig and genDevConfig 2.x which are previous versions of the script not
meant for use with Shinken, but the information is still relevant and plugin building has not changed.

===============
Expected output
===============

For the given device, genDevConfig will generate a Shinken configuration directory. Within this
directory it will place a file, named after the "device host_name", which will contain the following 
information:

define host {
     host_name    ...
     ...
}

define service {
     chassis_service
}
     ...
     custom_service1
     ...
     custom_serviceN

     interface_service1
     ...
     interface_serviceN

=====================================
Shinken monitoring system integration
=====================================

`Shinken`__ host and service configurations generated by genDevConfig are meant to be used with `SnmpBooster`__, the Shinken SNMP poller module.

Learn more about the installation and use of `SnmpBooster in the Shinken wiki`__.

__ http://www.shinken-monitoring.org/
__ http://www.shinken-monitoring.org/news/snmp-monitoring-with-shinken/
__ http://www.shinken-monitoring.org/wiki/setup_snmp_booster_module

=====================
KNOWN ISSUES and TODO
=====================

The `design specification` tracks implemented features.
__ http://www.shinken-monitoring.org/wiki/snmp_design_specification

There are a number of known issues at this time :

* A DSTEMPLATE cannot have more than one instance map. This is because the instance is passed as a check_command parameter. So DSTEMPLATES
that expect different types of instance mapping per DS will not work correctly. We have to choose either Option-1, an inelegant multiple instance
passed in check_commands, Option-2 split DSTEMPLATEs so that they only use a single instance map passed in the check_command, as is done
today, option-3 Same as option-2, but also permit static instance mapping keys specified in the DS.
*